Code : 
rank = df_corr['Class']
df_rank = pd.DataFrame(rank) 
df_rank = np.abs(df_rank).sort_values(by='Class',ascending=False)
df_rank.dropna(inplace=True)

Desc : 
It takes a DataFrame df_corr and selects the ‘Class’ column, 
storing it in a variable called rank. Then it creates a new DataFrame df_rank from rank, 
takes the absolute value of its elements, sorts them in descending order by the ‘Class’ column, 
and drops any rows with missing values. The resulting DataFrame contains the absolute 
values of the elements in the ‘Class’ column of df_corr, sorted in descending order 
and with any missing values removed.

Q : 
Features V1, V2, … V28 are the principal components obtained with PCA. 
What does this mean?

Desc :
It is a statistical technique used to reduce the dimensionality of a large dataset by 
identifying patterns in the data and creating new variables that capture as much of the 
variation in the data as possible. These new variables, known as principal components, 
are linear combinations of the original variables in the dataset. The first principal 
component captures the most variation in the data, the second captures the second most, and so on.

Q : 
what value do you get as a result of PCA transformation

Desc :
As a result of PCA transformation, you get a new set of variables called principal components. 
These principal components are linear combinations of the original variables in the dataset and 
capture as much of the variation in the data as possible. The first principal component captures 
the most variation in the data, the second captures the second most, and so on. The number of principal 
components created is equal to the number of original variables in the dataset.
The value of PCA transformation lies in its ability to reduce the dimensionality of a large 
dataset while retaining most of the information contained in it. This can make it easier to 
analyze and visualize the data, and can also improve the performance of machine learning 
algorithms by reducing the number of variables they need to process.

Q : 
why should mean be 0 and deviation be 1

Desc : 
Standardizing the data so that each variable has a mean of 0 and a standard deviation of 1 is an 
important preprocessing step before performing PCA. This is because PCA is quite sensitive to the 
variances of the initial variables. If there are large differences between the ranges of the 
initial variables, those variables with larger ranges will dominate over those with small ranges.
This can lead to biased results.
By standardizing the data, we ensure that each variable contributes equally to the analysis. 
This is done by subtracting the mean of each variable from its values and then dividing by its 
standard deviation. After standardization, each variable will have a mean of 0 and a standard 
deviation of 1.
In summary, standardizing the data before performing PCA ensures that each variable contributes 
equally to the analysis and prevents variables with larger ranges from dominating over those 
with small ranges.